ToLearnApp/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh


TODO:

- `Make Delete Card Work`
- Design Card List
- Design New Card Input Area

- `Add Completed Side List`
- `Expand Text input to seem like more text expected`
- Switch Priority Marker in card to toggle switch

- Make Edit work

- `Change Edit button to Gear Icon`

- `Add Date added for cards`
- Time is being set as the time at the last card being added, update time
capture point to time at hitting submit

- Add Random Popup Suggesting older, High Priority Card
- Add "Give me a Random Topic" to load a random card
- `Add "Currently Learning" Tray to move cards into`

Commit message:

Editing Title added, Change Priority Update, Completed Update, Rearranged Layout

ToLearnApp/README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh


TODO:

- `Make Delete Card Work`
- Design Card List
- Design New Card Input Area

- `Add Completed Side List`
- `Expand Text input to seem like more text expected`
- `Switch Priority Marker in card to toggle switch`
- `Prevent double clicking of one priority switch`

- `Make Edit work`
-  `Fix edit to have placeholder of previous title`
- Fix edit to revert to previous title on move away without entering
- `Make Priority Change Work`

- `Change Edit button to Gear Icon`

- `Add Date added for cards`
- Time is being set as the time at the last card being added, update time
capture point to time at hitting submit

- Add Random Popup Suggesting older, High Priority Card
- Add "Give me a Random Topic" to load a random card
- `Add "Currently Learning" Tray to move cards into`
